= mailroom

* http://github.com/ejdraper/mailroom

== DESCRIPTION:

mailroom is a Ruby on Rails plugin designed solely for development, to easily output text and HTML emails from ActionMailer to files that are dropped in the public directory for viewing in a browser, to make building and testing emails sent by your application much easier and quicker.

== FEATURES:

Simply having this plugin present in your app will ensure that all mails that come through ActionMailer in development mode will be output to a folder in the public directory called mailroom. When a mail is saved, you'll see something like this in the development log file:

Saved mail, viewable at http://myhost.local/mailroom/1234567890.html

If you have not set the :host parameter on the ActionMailer default_url_options, then you will see something like this in the log instead:

Saved mail, viewable at /mailroom/1234567890.html

If it's a plain text mail, it'll look like this:

Saved mail, viewable at /mailroom/1234567890.txt

And if it's a multipart e-mail, it'll include a line for each part, with the URL for plain text and HTML versions.

Additionally, every time a mail comes through mailroom, any mails in the mailroom folder older than 1 hour will be purged.

== REQUIREMENTS:

As this is a Ruby on Rails plugin, the only requirement is Rails itself - Rails 2.3 is required.

== INSTALL:

script/plugin install http://github.com/ejdraper/mailroom

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2010 Elliott Draper <el@ejdraper.com>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.